do you want to grow your B2B business on
a small budget
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly email where I'm sharing actual
website marketing tips useful podcasts
free goodies resources and much more
each and every Monday so you can kick
off your week with a bang why not give
it a trial over at businessgrowth dot
email all right so I'm going to share
some of my top tips when you're early on
in a B2B business when you haven't got
much cash you haven't got much budget or
resources on how you can scale up and
drive your first few customers and start
bringing in Revenue pretty quickly this
is taken from my recent podcast with we
have a meeting guys enjoy let's jump in
so let's say if you are a startups and
you're perhaps strapped for cash I'd
imagine
um so you're limited on what you can do
so marketing wise I mean linkedin's
almost a no-brainer it's the biggest B2B
Network there is you guys use it I use
it
um it's one of the fastest ways that you
can start conversations in terms of a
marketing perspective if you're not
using phone if you're not using another
tool so yeah it's a great way to
connect to prospects
start conversations and put out your own
content build your personal brand and um
yeah so I mean that that's a no-brainer
because it's free to use the organic
reach on LinkedIn is still high so you
can literally put our posts over time
build yourself as an authority as a
credible person as the go-to person for
your industry so let's say you sell
software maybe yourself software you can
over time share educational helpful
useful tips around what you do and
position yourself as someone that knows
what that what they're talking about and
so in a few months time you might start
to attract inbound inquiries and make
referrals make connections all that good
stuff
um
but probably my um my thoughts on this
uh probably quite controversial to most
because if I didn't have much cash I'd
probably do what I did when I was
literally at this point so when I was at
a startup marketing company before web
choice that literally had almost next to
nothing on my um in terms of budget
spend we we knew we had to do a few
things so I knew LinkedIn was decent
then so I kind of started leveraging
that putting out content there
um
we knew we needed a kind of half decent
website that would kind of clearly show
what we do how we helped share the
services we offered share some social
proof testimonials and make it easy for
people to get in touch with us we also
knew that long-term SEO was going to
help us because we had a background in
digital I mean long term if six 12
months or so if we started doing some
SEO
at the time we didn't do it in-house we
just employed a fairly cheap company do
it for us we knew that it would pay off
dividends
um so we basically did those three
things Plus
we had no book of business right now
so what I did was I leveraged my
existing Network so any old client
prospects from past companies I'd worked
at called them straight away and said
look I've moved over this is what we're
doing is it worth a conversation or do
you know anyone that can kind of help
with what we do
and then I call code so I um in this
case I this was like a marketing agency
I worked for so cold called kind of um
agencies that could potentially give us
white label work or that could partner
with us so it wasn't a really hard cold
cool situation it was more like look
this is what we do use something similar
is there any opportunity for us to kind
of pass work each other's way
um and this was old school so this was
back when everything was face to face so
I was setting meetings up in London and
going up and see them having
conversations a lot of them are wasted
time but a few of them paid off because
I didn't really know what I was doing I
didn't really have any sales training
but still managed to generate some
business so that was if you are really
strapped for cash and you're a bootstrap
startup and your B2B using LinkedIn
properly probably teaching yourself how
to sell whether that's reading sales
training books or getting on podcasts
listening to podcasts like these video
training Etc sorting yourself at a
decent website
looking at long-term things whether
that's SEO
um and actually hitting the phones
generating business and working your
existing Network before you do any of
this because that's going to tap into
some clients and then longer term
there's quite a lot of because
depends what what resources you've got
um but yeah longer term things like
setting up a podcast or setting up a
video series just makes sense because
you can literally invite ideal clients
onto the show build up relationships you
also create content that you can then
share on social you can share on YouTube
on the podcast channels and again you
can build up yourself as an authority in
what you do so if you're putting an
educational content that's geared
towards your ideal clients you're going
to position yourself as someone who
knows their and eventually you're
gonna you're gonna attract inquiries or
you're gonna build trust with people
that were connected to you that now
realize that you can actually help them
so that would be some of my first
ports of cool and there you have it I
hope you found this episode of use as
always if you're on the audio podcast
quick rating is very much appreciated or
if you're tuning on YouTube a quick
subscribe is always appreciated and with
that I should catch you on the next
episode cheers